{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
\b IDIOT — LP Funding Guide (based on current ~$700 in the pool) \b0\line Prepared 2025-10-01 22:00\line\line \b What depth buys you (rule-of-thumb) \b0\line ~50× the typical trade = ~2% price impact; ~100× = ~1% price impact.\line\line \b Targets vs. Additional Funding Needed \b0\line Target depth $2,500: add about $1,800\line Target depth $5,000: add about $4,300\line Target depth $7,500: add about $6,800\line Target depth $10,000: add about $9,300\line Target depth $15,000: add about $14,300\line Target depth $25,000: add about $24,300\line \line \b My blunt recommendation \b0\line If you expect $250–$1,000 trades, aim for $5k–$10k depth now.\line From ~$700 today: add ~$4.3k to reach $5k, or ~$9.3k to reach $10k.\line\line \b How to add without moving the price \b0\line 1) Open \"Add Liquidity\" on Uniswap v3 for the IDIOT/WETH pair on Base.\line 2) Choose a \b wide range \b0 (e.g.,  -50% to +100%) if you do NOT plan to manage it often.\line    Or choose a \b narrow range \b0 (e.g., -10% to +10%) if you will monitor—this gives more effective depth near price but can go out of range.\line 3) Let Uniswap suggest the \b proportional amounts \b0 of IDIOT and ETH. Do not force single-sided unless you understand the price impact.\line 4) Confirm the deposit. After it mints, \b lock the LP position for 24 months \b0 and save the locker URL.\line\line \b Quick sanity test after adding \b0\line - Simulate a $500 and $1,000 buy in the swap UI. If impact >2%, consider topping up a bit more.\line - If you chose a narrow range and price moves, your position may go out of range—either widen the range or add more liquidity at the new price.\line\line \b Where to source tokens \b0\line - Use the dedicated LP allocation (150,000,000 IDIOT) and match with ETH. \line - If ETH is tight, start with a $2.5k–$5k top-up, assess flow for 48–72 hours, then scale.\line\line \b Caution \b0\line - Do NOT add only IDIOT without ETH; that will shove the price.\line - Avoid micro-deposits that spam the pool; bundle into meaningful adds (e.g., $1k+ each).\line }