{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\n\b IDIOT Execution Playbook — Final Hour Guide \b0\line Prepared 2025-10-01 2146\line\line \b A) Liquidity & Health Targets (plain English) \b0\line • Goal: small trades ($250–$1,000) should move price <1–2%. To achieve that, keep enough WETH/ETH in the pool.\line • Rule of thumb: LP depth ≈ 3–5× your expected daily trade size.\line • If you expect $5–10K/day of net buying/selling, aim for $25–50K in liquidity. If you expect $25–50K/day, aim for $100–200K.\line • If price impact looks high, add ETH + IDIOT proportionally so the price doesn’t jump.\line\line \b B) Current Pair Status (from Dexscreener) \b0\line • IDIOT/WETH on Base (Uniswap v3) shows ~\$42K liquidity as of now (pair 0xe4ab…7af6).\line • That is serviceable for a soft launch; if you anticipate more than $10–20K/day flow, top up toward $75–100K.\line\line \b C) Step-by-Step (no code) \b0\line 1) Label the four wallets on Basescan; create TR-SAFE (3/4) & OPS-SAFE (2/4).\line 2) Deploy timelocks (Team, Treasury, Reserve) and Community Distributor TL; set cliffs/durations.\line 3) Transfer tokens to destinations: HOT-LP 150M; Reserve-TL 449,357,000; Treasury-TL 50,643,000; Team-TL 100M; Community 250M.\line 4) Seed Uniswap v3 with 150M IDIOT + ETH; verify price; then lock LP 24 months.\line 5) Publish a Wallets & Unlocks page with all links; push staging → prod via your zip pipeline.\line\line \b D) Website/Docs Tasks (for Cursor) \b0\line • Create 03_DOCUMENTS/website-copy-freeze.md with tokenomics, vesting dates, wallets, and links.\line • Sync index.html to mirror the copy; remove placeholders.\line • Place IDIOT_Whitepaper.pdf under /docs and link it in the header & hero.\line • Package release zip → staging → QA → prod; keep previous release for rollback.\line\line \b E) Plain-Term Glossary \b0\line • Cliff: a waiting period before any locked tokens start unlocking.\line • Vesting: gradual release of tokens after the cliff (e.g., monthly).\line • Timelock: a contract that delays token release until a set time.\line • Multisig (Gnosis Safe): a shared wallet that needs multiple approvals.\line • LP Lock: locks your liquidity position so it can’t be pulled early.\line • Emissions: scheduled token releases to the community.\line }