{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\n\b IDIOT — LP Participant Guide (Base / Uniswap v3) \b0\line Prepared 2025-10-01 22:26\line\line\b What you get \b0\lineProvide liquidity to the IDIOT/ETH pool on Base and earn a share of swap fees (0.3%). If incentives are active, you'll also earn bonus rewards.\line\line\b Requirements \b0\line- Network: Base\line- Pair: IDIOT / WETH (Uniswap v3, 0.3% fee tier)\line- Token address (verify): 0xC29EF04CFFe38012dcfc1E96a2B368443f298dE1\line\line\b Step-by-step (Add Liquidity) \b0\line1) Open Uniswap on Base → Add Liquidity → Select IDIOT and WETH.\line2) Fee tier: 0.3%.\line3) Price range:\line   • Wide (easier): ~ -50% to +100% around current price (less active management).\line   • Narrow (advanced): ~ -10% to +10% (more fees near price, but can go out of range).\line4) Deposit \b proportional \b0 amounts of IDIOT and ETH. Avoid single-sided adds unless you accept price movement.\line5) Confirm the transaction. You’ll receive an LP position (NFT).\line\line\b If incentives are active \b0\line- Check our Community Rewards page for current epochs.\line- You may need to \b stake \b0 your LP position or register to earn incentives.\line- Rewards (if any) vest per the epoch rules and must be claimed from the designated contract.\line\line\b Risk notes \b0\line- Impermanent loss: if price moves, your IDIOT/ETH mix changes.\line- Out-of-range: narrow ranges can earn more but may earn 0 if price leaves your band.\line- Contract safety: use only the official contract and links from our website.\line\line\b How to exit \b0\lineUse Uniswap → Remove Liquidity to withdraw IDIOT/ETH at the current pool price. If staked for incentives, \b unstake \b0 first.\line\line\b Links \b0\line- Contract (Basescan): (on-site link)\line- Pool / Dexscreener: (on-site link)\line- Community Rewards page: (on-site link)\line}