{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
\b IDIOT — Community & Airdrop Plan (25% Allocation) \b0\line Prepared 2025-10-01 22:22 UTC\line\line \b Is 25% too much? \b0\line Short answer: No. 15–30% is a normal range; 25% is healthy if you:
- time-box emissions (we do 104 weeks),
- cap per-wallet claims to avoid sybil/whales,
- tie rewards to behavior (LP days, holding windows, contributions), and
- publish a weekly schedule + proofs.\line\line \b Totals \b0\line Total Supply: 1,000,000,000 IDIOT\line Community Allocation (25%): 250,000,000 IDIOT\line Emissions Window: 104 weeks (start 2025-10-07)\line Baseline Weekly Tranche: 2,403,846 IDIOT\line\line \b Internal split of the 25% \b0\line - LP & Holder Emissions: 70% → 175,000,000 IDIOT\line - Quests/Creators/Campaigns: 20% → 50,000,000 IDIOT\line - Grants/Bounties: 7% → 17,500,000 IDIOT\line - Safety Reserve (Community vote): 3% → 7,500,000 IDIOT\line \line \b Guardrails (non-negotiable) \b0\line - Per-wallet cap per epoch: max 0.10% of total supply (1,000,000 IDIOT) across all programs.
- Eligibility: LP days + holding windows + verifiable tasks (no sybil-only socials).
- Claims: open 48 hours after snapshot; 14-day claim window; unclaimed roll forward.
- Transparency: publish weekly snapshot/claim tx hashes and distributor address.
- Security: Distributor owned by OPS-SAFE (2/4) and timelocked; no admin drains.\line\line \b Weekly cadence (example) \b0\line • Snapshot: every Tuesday 00:00 UTC
• Claim opens: Thursday 00:00 UTC
• Claim closes: +14 days
• If exploit or anomaly, pause via timelock and roll the tranche forward\line\line \b Operational checklist \b0\line 1) Deploy Distributor + Timelock (owner: OPS-SAFE 2/4).
2) Fund Distributor with 250,000,000 IDIOT (or staged top-ups each quarter).
3) Publish the CSV schedule (attached) and the Distributor address on the website.
4) Each week: post the snapshot block, claim tx, and total distributed.
5) Quarterly: audit Sybil filters and adjust caps if needed.\line\line \b If you want to trim later \b0\line If 25% feels heavy after 8–12 weeks, community-vote to redirect 5% (50M) from the remaining emissions to the Reserve or Treasury. Keep prior promises; change only future weeks.\line\line }