{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
\b IDIOT Project — Final Gameplan (Tokenomics, Vesting, Governance, Website)\b0\line Prepared 2025-10-01 21:32\line\line \b 0) Canonicals\b0\line 0) Canonicals (Source of Truth)
• Chain: Base
• Contract: 0xC29EF04CFFe38012dcfc1E96a2B368443f298dE1
• Total Supply: 1,000,000,000 IDIOT
• Wallets (2 cold + 2 hot):
  - COLD-LEDGER-A (deployer): 0xf123f1269Fcb1d0c6F1DCFc3EF1F68dEDDf52a5e
  - COLD-LEDGER-B (new): TBD (to be added)
  - HOT-LP (liquidity ops): 0xAC95d0B5603C7212a690bd089BAD472473496374
  - HOT-OPS (ops/distributor): 0x721d2adcCf634f4185edE152ee98cA836CF22EA6
• Taxes: 0/0 permanently
• Ownership: do NOT renounce until timelocks/multisigs and LP lock are live
\line \b 1) Tokenomics\b0\line 1) Tokenomics (Locked Split)
• Reserve: 470,000,000 (47%)
• Community Rewards/Airdrops: 250,000,000 (25%)
• DEX Liquidity: 150,000,000 (15%)
• Team & Contributors: 100,000,000 (10%)
• Treasury/Ops: 30,000,000 (3%)

Note on your statement: ~643,000 IDIOT currently sits in a wallet outside buckets.
Recommended treatment (choose ONE before vesting begins):
A) Sweep to Treasury and publish updated units: Treasury = 30,643,000; Reserve = 469,357,000 (functional % ~3.06% and ~46.94%). OR
B) Sweep to Reserve and keep original headline split (Treasury remains 30,000,000). OR
C) Burn the 643,000 if those were test tokens, then keep original units.

My recommendation: Option A (Treasury +643k). It strengthens runway with negligible optics cost.
\line \b 2) Vesting & Locks\b0\line 2) Vesting & Locks (Publish Dates)
• Today: Oct 1, 2025
• Team (100,000,000): 12m cliff → 36m linear (monthly). First unlock Oct 1, 2026 → final Oct 1, 2029.
• Treasury (30,000,000): 6m cliff → 24m linear (monthly). First unlock Apr 1, 2026 → final Apr 1, 2028.
• Reserve (470,000,000): 6m cliff → 30m linear (monthly). First unlock Apr 1, 2026 → final Oct 1, 2028.
• Community (250,000,000): weekly emissions for 104 weeks, start Oct 7, 2025 → end Oct 6, 2027; unclaimed roll forward (never to Treasury).
• LP (150,000,000): seed Uniswap V3 (0.3%) and lock LP for 24 months (publish locker link).
\line \b 3) Governance & Ownership\b0\line 3) Governance & Ownership Architecture
Create two Gnosis Safes on Base:
• TR-SAFE (Treasury/Reserve/Team timelocks owner) — threshold 3 of 4
  Owners: COLD-LEDGER-A, COLD-LEDGER-B, HOT-LP, HOT-OPS
• OPS-SAFE (Community distributor owner) — threshold 2 of 4
  Owners: COLD-LEDGER-A, COLD-LEDGER-B, HOT-LP, HOT-OPS

Rationale: hard funds require 3 signers; weekly ops can move with 2 signers.
\line \b 4) Token Movements\b0\line 4) Token Movements (Authoritative)
From COLD-LEDGER-A (current holder) transfer:
• HOT-LP: 150,000,000 (for Uniswap V3 seeding)
• Reserve-Timelock (owned by TR-SAFE): 470,000,000
• Treasury-Timelock (owned by TR-SAFE): 30,000,000  (or 30,643,000 if adopting Option A)
• Team-Timelock (owned by TR-SAFE): 100,000,000
• Community-Distributor (owned by OPS-SAFE via timelock): 250,000,000
\line \b 5) On-Chain Sequence\b0\line 5) On-Chain Sequence (No Code)
1) Label all four wallets on Basescan.
2) Create TR-SAFE (3/4) and OPS-SAFE (2/4).
3) Deploy timelocks: Team-TL, Treasury-TL, Reserve-TL (owned by TR-SAFE); Community-TL + Distributor (owned by OPS-SAFE).
4) Transfer tokens per Section 4.
5) Seed Uniswap V3 (0.3%): add 150M IDIOT + ETH from HOT-LP; receive LP position.
6) Lock LP for 24 months; publish locker URL.
7) Label timelocks, distributor, and locker on Basescan.
8) Publish a “Wallets & Unlocks” web page with next unlock times pulled from timelocks.
\line \b 6) Website Copy\b0\line 6) Website Copy (Paste-Ready)
Tokenomics (At a glance):
• Total: 1,000,000,000 IDIOT — Taxes 0%
• Reserve 47% — 6m cliff → 30m vest
• Community 25% — weekly emissions (104 weeks)
• LP 15% — seeded then locked 24m
• Team 10% — 12m cliff → 36m vest
• Treasury 3% — 6m cliff → 24m vest
• Contract (Base): 0xC29E…98dE1 — Basescan / Dexscreener / Buy on Uniswap

Vesting Dates:
• Team: Oct 1, 2026 → Oct 1, 2029
• Treasury: Apr 1, 2026 → Apr 1, 2028
• Reserve: Apr 1, 2026 → Oct 1, 2028
• Community: Oct 7, 2025 → Oct 6, 2027
• LP: Locked 24 months (link)

Wallets & Governance:
• COLD-LEDGER-A: 0xf123…52a5e
• COLD-LEDGER-B: (to be added)
• HOT-LP: 0xAC95…6374
• HOT-OPS: 0x721d…2EA6
• TR-SAFE (3/4) — owner of Team/Treasury/Reserve timelocks
• OPS-SAFE (2/4) — owner of Community Distributor
\line \b 7) Whitepaper Outline\b0\line 7) Whitepaper Outline (PDF path: /01_LIVE_SITE/main_site_ready_for_upload/main_site/docs/IDIOT_Whitepaper.pdf)
1) Overview (Base, contract, 0% tax, purpose)
2) Tokenomics (table + units)
3) Vesting/Locks (cliffs, schedules, diagrams)
4) Liquidity Policy (seed, 24m lock)
5) Community Emissions (104 weeks, eligibility, fraud warning)
6) Governance (TR-SAFE, OPS-SAFE, thresholds, labeling)
7) Risks & Disclosures (volatility, contract risk, DYOR)
8) Links (Basescan, Dexscreener, Uniswap, locks/timelocks)
\line \b 8) Cursor Packets\b0\line 8) Cursor Packets (Non-code, Small)
P1 — Read & Digest: build _notes/readme-digests.md from all READMEs.
P2 — Copy Freeze: create 03_DOCUMENTS/website-copy-freeze.md with sections 6.1–6.3.
P3 — Site Sync: mirror copy into main_site/index.html; remove placeholders.
P4 — Whitepaper: place IDIOT_Whitepaper.pdf at /docs/ and update link.
P5 — Assets/Meta: ensure favicon-32, logo-512, OG 1200x630; set title/description.
P6 — QA: mobile/desktop, links, tooltips, numbers; update _notes/qa-tracker.md.
P7 — Stage ZIP: save to 06_SCRIPTS/deploy_packages/staging/stupidiots-RELEASE-YYYYMMDD-HHMM.zip + manifest + release notes.
P8 — Staging Deploy: upload, extract to staging/releases/<timestamp>, validate.
P9 — Production Cut: promote approved ZIP to prod/releases/<timestamp>; keep previous for rollback.
\line \b 9) Final Advice\b0\line 9) Final Advice (Before Point of No Return)
• If you need more runway, consider moving +20,000,000 from Reserve to Treasury (Treasury 50,000,000 = 5%); otherwise keep current split.
• Publish every wallet, timelock, and the LP lock before marketing.
• Sweep the ~643,000 stray tokens per Option A/B/C above and update the table units accordingly.
• Do NOT push to prod until staging is fully green and links to lockers/timelocks are live.
\line }